docs: add alphaPanels feature toggle information (#71480)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/index.md

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/geomap-route-layer-basic-9-4-0.png" max-width="1200px" caption="Geomap panel Route" >}}

> To enable the Route layer, add the `alphaPanels` feature toggle to your `custom.ini` file.
> 
> ```
> [feature_toggles]
> alphaPanels = true
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
To enable the Route layer, add the `enable_alpha` feature toggle to your `custom.ini` file.

```
[feature_toggles]
enable_alpha = true
```
```
